Content by reference (#548)
HL7/fhircast-docs: input/pagecontent/2-10-1-ContentSharingFHIRcastMessaging.md

FHIR resources are used to carry the information being shared. These resources are entries in the `Bundle` resource inside the `updates` key. One and only one `Bundle` SHALL be present in a `[FHIR resource]-update` request (see [FHIRcast Content Update Bundle](StructureDefinition-fhircast-content-update-bundle.html)). No resource SHALL appear multiple times in the update `Bundle`.

> Commonly all information relevant to the update is contained in an entry’s resource (i.e., information is passed by value). For example, an `Observation` resource usually contains all information regarding that observation. However, it is also possible to pass content by reference as is specified in the base FHIR standard (see [FHIRcast Content Update Bundle](http://hl7.org/fhir/http.html#transaction) and corresponding examples). Further implementer experimentation is needed for increased use of references to resources not contained in the `Bundle`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [FHIR transaction interaction](http://hl7.org/fhir/http.html#transaction) defines how multiple actions can be grouped together and performed as one, such that all information being created or updated is contained in an entry’s resource (i.e., information is passed by value). For example, an `Observation` resource usually contains all relevant information regarding that observation. While it is possible to communicate content by reference even within a transaction bundle, implementer experimentation is needed for increased use of references to resources not contained in the `Bundle`.  
```
